h1. Iskandar

Iskandar is a lightweight framework for creating loosely coupled and highly testable applications in Java. It's main feature is an implementation of the command pattern, which allows an application to issue requests to an object without making any assumptions about the request, or the receiving object. Commands act as a wrapper for your business logic, allowing you to easily add, update, or remove functionality. Combine Iskandar with a dependency injection framework such as Spring or Guice to gain even more agility and portability.

h2. Inspiration

Iskandar was originaly written to work with the Vaadin UI toolkit but it can be used for any Java application. Iskandar's developers come from the Flex/Flash world and we are fans of Robotlegs, and before it PureMVC. We wanted a similar work-flow in Java and thus Iskandar was born.

h2. Who is Iskandar?

Iskandar is the Persian version of the name Alexander, as in 'the Great'. Alexander was known to be undefeated in battle and is considered one of the most successful commanders of all time.

h2. License

Copyright (c) 2010 OpenSoft Technologies LLC

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
